Feature/10 grundstruktur fuer die entwicklung eines eigenen qgis plugins fuer die visualisierung unterschiedlicher datensaetze (#14)
vitrum-connect/5gla-qgis: fivegla_visualization/metadata.txt

# This file should be included when you package your plugin.# Mandatory items:

[general]
name=5GLa Visualization
qgisMinimumVersion=3.0
description=This plugin visualizes the measured values ​​and results of the 5GLa project.
version=0.1
author=Lukas Lange / Blue Sky Operations GmbH
email=ll@blue-sky-ops.de

> about=This plugin visualizes the measured values ​​and results of the 5GLa project. This includes, among other things, the measured values ​​from soil moisture sensors and multispectral drone images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about=This plugin visualizes the measured values ​​and results of the 5GLa project. This includes, among other things, the measured values ​​from soil moisture sensors and multi-spectral drone images.
```

> about=This plugin visualizes the measured values ​​and results of the 5GLa project. This includes, among other things, the measured values ​​from soil moisture sensors and multispectral drone images.

Reviewer: Sieht so aus, als ob sich da unsichtbare Zeichen eingeschlichen haben:

![image](https://github.com/vitrum-connect/5gla-qgis/assets/1309344/a8c0c641-d8ee-47fc-af29-f6cfb99ab19c)
